Task 1. SDLC phases In daily Use App :- The Instagram SDLC phases is describe here.
		 1. Requirement analysis:- Instagram is new version of online app for users. It is for enjoy users free time.
		       		  Users have to download the App and create profile to post photos and reels.
			       	information developer have to collect from customer and from study.
		 2. System Des :- Instagram is for follow other people and make followers. System is design by followers can browse 
			          our profile ,reels, massages and posts .They can like , share and comment on  pictures.
		3. Development :- After the requirement and system design phase its time to understand the features of Instagram
				  and filter types . Instagram is develop for users enjoy so but sometime its feed is depend on user's
				  mood. when user is happy  the feed is also full of happy reel.  
		4. Testing :- Instagram is design for users. But sometimes many errors and bugs having in Instagram features,
			      functions , create post and reels , profile settings, so that the software tester is testing the 
				the Instagram  app before deployment.
		5.Deployment :- Test the all function of Instagram its time to deploy the app for users. so that all users check and 
				use the Instagram for enjoyment and create reels and post. 
		6.Maintinance :- We have to maintain all features of Instagram. We have to update all features in Instagram.
				Instagram new version update. Daily use the app for find errors and bugs doesn't having in app.

Task 2.  Differences Of SDLC Models 
                       
 	1. The name of topic		Waterfall Model 		Agile Model		      Spiral Model
	                                             
	1. Flexibility 			Water Model is                 Agile Model is Iterative.       Spiral Model is Also Iterative.
					a sequence model of SDLC.      Agile model depend on customer  This is flexible model. SDLC  
					So This is not flexible model. requirements. Agile model is for phase is running . Builds are
					The Requirement is fixed.      done with customer collab.       dividing in many pares.
					For Short project. 
	2.Customer Feedback		Waterfall Model is long        Agile is working software so     
					process of SDLC. so the        that customer feedback is find 
					customer feedback is coming     on process time.
					late.
	3.Risk Handling			Water fall model is for short	Agile is loop model so the risk  Spiral is high level of Risk    
					is low level. 			on that time.			complex and long project.
	4.Real world examples           Flip kart is online app so that  The Agile model is use for     Flipkart is a high level cost 
	  App 				flexibility is not possible .    Zomato . Zomato gives Fast     app. 
									 customer delivery and feedback.

Task 3. Describe A Set of Entry And Exit Criteria (Flipkart)
			1. Entry Criteria:- 
				(A) User Authentication Status: Flipkart is for online shopping. The use have to login app  
				    				and create Account on Flipkart. 
				(B)product Availability :- The Number of Customers is very large on online app. so that the
							   products availability is most important for deliver  product to customers.
			2.Exit Criteria :-
				(A)	