Task 1 : Food delivery app Architecture Diagram : 
                    				This Diagram Shows the  Components of App like Zomato and Swiggy. The Components
 like Users, Driver ,backend ,Payment, Restaurants. 
                                          +-----------+                 +---------+
                                          |  User App |                 | Driver  | 
					  +-----------+			+---------+
                          (brows manus, order place)                     (order deliver on time, order give on location)             		    |
					       |---------+++++++------------|
 							    |
						       +----------+
			                               | Backend  |   
                                                       +----------+
                                                             |
                                                  (food quantity, stock Manage)                        
                                        +-----------+                    +--------+
                                        |Restaurant |                    |payment |
					+-----------+                    +--------+
                                     (order Manage, Maintain             (cash payment or online, Manage payments) 
                                      Food Quality)    
Task 2 :- Testing activities of any App of Daily use:-
						There are many defects having in development of products. We Use Many testing process 
						and types of testing in SDLC. Here we describe the testing types of Flipkart.
		1. Functional testing :- The functionality process of Flipkart is high level testing. We have to know about function
					of flip kart.(e.g. login ,logout, registration, )
 		2. Notification Testing :- When the flip kart app send message to their customers for discount and sell or offers.
					flip kart is a E-commerce app . so all the customers notify on time . (e.g. update, selling 
					offers, limited time of discount)
		3.System testing :- The developer of Flip kart create the system after collect the information of customer requirement.
				 We have to check the systematic process of Flip kart.(e.g. loading time, response time, no of handling
					customers).
		4. Integration or Payment Testing :- integration means the flip karts method of add to cart that customer select the product
							and add to cart for purchasing. payment testing is for cash payment or online 
							payment. 
		5. Speed and security Testing :- flip kart is a online shopping so that this is high level risk place or payment
                                               product quality. Delivery speed Maintain, inform customer to delivery time update daily.
Task 3:- Importance of testing :- 
				When developer create a software or product many bugs and errors having in software. There are many types 
				testing . Testing is important for customer satisfaction, fulfill customers requirements.
		1.Requirement Analysis stage:- 
				we have to understand that what customer actually want . we have to collect the information of software
				or product. Customers requirements satisfaction is very important in SDLC.	
				The IRCTC website is for passengers seat availability. Users download the app and login their profile , 
				password and registration.
		2.System Design stage:-            
				IRCTC website is approve by government. so this system is develop perfectly for passengers or
				users. Time of booking, terms and conditions, browse on all types of screen , seat availability).
		3. Development stage:-
				we have to collect all information of requirement of passengers to develop the website.
				IRCTC is develop for confirm ticket booking of passenger so they can't go railway station 
				and stand in line-to-line for tickets. 
		4. Testing stage :- 
				After develop the IRCTC website and app for users its time to check function and non function
				work of software. sometimes We develop the software there is many errors having in the software.
				Many Developers are design the website and test the software to confirm that if any problem in 
				software. 
		5.Deployment stage:- The IRCTC is deploy by websites and app. So users or Passengers can check ticket booking online.
				     Online booking shows the booking numbers and seat numbers. Also payment process is online in 
				     IRCTC App. 
				     
Task 4. Objectives and Purpose of Testing :-
				There are many types of objectives and purpose of Testing. Testing is the phase of SDLC.
				Sometimes testing and Development happening same time. Testing is most important part of 
				SDLC. Here We show the Testing objectives of launching a  new music streaming features in 
				Spotify.  
		1.Find Bugs And Errors:- When we develop a feature of Spotify We need to check it how it works and find any if any 
					error having  in Spotify feature.
		2.Ensure Correct functionality :- There are functions in feature of Spotify for use of Customers. We have to check 
						the correct functionality of Features  like Audio streaming, volume ,
						advertisement time. 
		3. Improve Quality :-  We have to Improve Spotify features and functions specific for users. (e.g. song speed, 
					new songs, sound under customers satisfaction).  